[maven] improve documentation regarding depedencies issues (#5326)
OpenAPITools/openapi-generator: docs/plugins.md

For full details of all options, see the [plugin README](https://github.com/OpenAPITools/openapi-generator/tree/master/modules/openapi-generator-maven-plugin).

### Dependencies

> The models generated use annotations like `@ApiModelProperty` the dependency commonly used is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The generated models use commonly use Swagger v2 annotations like `@ApiModelProperty`. A user may add Swagger v3 annotations:
```

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>io.swagger.core.v3</groupId>
    <artifactId>swagger-annotations</artifactId>
</dependency>
```

> But this will not work. This depedency does not contains the package neither the classes needed. The resulting code it will fail to compile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But this will not work. This dependency is not binary compatible with Swagger v2 annotations. The resulting code will fail to compile.
```
